Fix README api call examples (#723)
RedHatInsights/insights-host-inventory: README.md

## Testing API Calls

It is necessary to pass an authentication header along on each call to the
service. For testing purposes, it is possible to set the required identity
header to the following:

```
x-rh-identity: eyJpZGVudGl0eSI6IHsiYWNjb3VudF9udW1iZXIiOiAiMDAwMDAwMSIsICJ0eXBlIjogIlVzZXIiLCAiaW50ZXJuYWwiOiB7Im9yZ19pZCI6ICIwMDAwMDEifX19Cg==
```

This is the Base64 encoding of the following JSON document:

```json
{"identity": {"account_number": "0000001", "type": "User", "internal": {"org_id": "000001"}}}
```

> The above header has the "User" identity `type`, it's possible to use a "System" `type` header as well.

Reviewer: This is almost correct! These need to either be 2 separate sentences or use a conjunction. So either:

- The above header has the "User" identity `type`. It's possible to use a "System" `type` header as well.
- The above header has the "User" identity `type`, but it's possible to use a "System" `type` header as well.

```
x-rh-identity: eyJpZGVudGl0eSI6IHsiYWNjb3VudF9udW1iZXIiOiAiMDAwMDAwMSIsICJ0eXBlIjogIlN5c3RlbSIsICJpbnRlcm5hbCI6IHsib3JnX2lkIjogIjAwMDAwMSJ9fX0K
```

This is the Base64 encoding of the following JSON document:

```json
{"identity": {"account_number": "0000001", "type": "System", "internal": {"org_id": "000001"}}}
```

> If you want to encode other JSON documents you can use command below:

Reviewer 2: Just one suggestion. I am fine either way, to be honest. :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
If you want to encode other JSON documents, you can use the following command:
```

## Testing API Calls

It is necessary to pass an authentication header along on each call to the
service. For testing purposes, it is possible to set the required identity
header to the following:

```
x-rh-identity: eyJpZGVudGl0eSI6IHsiYWNjb3VudF9udW1iZXIiOiAiMDAwMDAwMSIsICJ0eXBlIjogIlVzZXIiLCAiaW50ZXJuYWwiOiB7Im9yZ19pZCI6ICIwMDAwMDEifX19Cg==
```

This is the Base64 encoding of the following JSON document:

```json
{"identity": {"account_number": "0000001", "type": "User", "internal": {"org_id": "000001"}}}
```

> The above one is an example with type "User", it's possible to use "System" as a parameter

Reviewer 3: Asa also suggested a change to this line, I'm happy with either, so whichever you go with is fine by me.

> instead of "User":

Reviewer: I'd update the grammar to something like this:
`The above is an example with type "User". It's possible to use "System" as a parameter
instead of "User":`

```
x-rh-identity: eyJpZGVudGl0eSI6IHsiYWNjb3VudF9udW1iZXIiOiAiMDAwMDAwMSIsICJ0eXBlIjogIlN5c3RlbSIsICJpbnRlcm5hbCI6IHsib3JnX2lkIjogIjAwMDAwMSJ9fX0K
```

> This is the Base64 enconding the following JSON document:

Reviewer 4: Small typo in "encoding" here and dropped the "of" from the sentence.

Should read: `This is the Base64 encoding of the following JSON document:`

> This is the Base64 enconding the following JSON document:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This is the Base64 encoding of the following JSON document:
```

Reviewer 3: Just noticed this is a duplicate of what Greg commented. If you already addressed his ignore this.

```json
{"identity": {"account_number": "0000001", "type": "System", "internal": {"org_id": "000001"}}}
```

> If you want to encode other JSON document you can use command example bellow:

Reviewer: "bellow" should be "below"

Reviewer 5: `LTGM` after fixing the issues identified by Greg and Asa

> If you want to encode other JSON document you can use command example bellow:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to encode other JSON documents you can use command bellow:
```

```shell

> echo '{"identity": {"account_number": "0000001", "type": "System", "internal": {"org_id": "000001"}}}' | base64

Reviewer 4: Much better than using a website to encode.  👍
